{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 OpenSymbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red102\green102\blue102;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\qc\kerning3\ul\b\f0\fs32 Dark Souls Memories\par
\ulnone\b0\fs24 By Alain Galvan (N3QN) & Shaman Tidiman (Green/GreenThunder)\par
\pard\pagebb\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\b\par
Programming Standard:\par
\b0 This game will follow GameMaker's underscore_case format for all assets. (ex. spr_armor_havel, obj_actor_player).\par
\b\par
Story:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\b0 Dark Souls Memories is about the characters we love and the links in memories they have between each other. Time is convoluted, so what might seem like a short time with someone could have been years. It's the links between one another that make each connection one to be cherished, in anguish or in joy. Each memory is a chapter that would be added to the game like an expansion.\par
\par
\b Memory of the Forgotten:\par
\b0 My journey has lead me to the Undead Asylum. The watchmen who once guarded the prisoners have also fallen to the curse. Perhaps I might find a way to release the prisoners on their person.\par
\par
\b Memory of the Faithful:\b0\line Another from the Asylum greeted me while I prayed to the sun. I awaited the chance for my spirit to serve him in his journey as I seeked to become closer to her.\par
\par
\b Memory of the Dragonslayer:\par
\b0 I've failed my lord and the beast found his way into the princess's chambers. The shame was too much to bare, as I forced myself from the land of the gods and journeyed to the abyss.\par
\par
\b Memory of the Abysswalker:\par
\b0 The primordial man has reduced this kingdom to a malformality.\par
\par
\b Memory of the Tiniest Shard:\par
\b0 I pray Vendrick's champion come soon. I would rather not face his challenges.\par
\par
\b Memory of the Hirehand:\par
\b0 ...\par
\par
\b Memories of the Blissful:\par
\b0 There's always surprises hidden in the court of my lord, and I am no different. There is laughter in the sparks of flames, and mine is oh so jubilant.\par
\par
\b Memories of the Hopeful:\par
\b0\'85\par
\par
\b Memory of the Lost:\par
\b0 Everyone will be forgotten one day, and you're no different. It's time you put yourself to rest.\par
\par
[end]\par
\par
\b\par
\pard\pagebb\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0 Covenants:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\b0 Note, with ranks, rank 4 can only be attained if you stick with that covenant from the beginning.\par
\par
\b The Meek\b0  - As you struggle though the world, you will find many to aid you, from invaders and enemies alike.\par
\cf1\fs20 2v2 is possible in this covenant thanks to sunbros and bluebros aiding a player. Priority would be given for more invaders to enter the world of a host with more protectors.\par
Rank 1: Ring of Dreams\par
Rank 2: Chamaleon (Sorcery)\par
Rank 3:\par
Rank 4:\par
\par
\cf0\b\fs24 Servants of the Sun\b0  - In your journey, expect a hand from those who seek their own sun. You may also come to aid the meek from invaders, and stay to aid them further.\par
\cf1\fs20 Servants are nondiscriminatory, and can be summoned to even help sinners, but sinners are given a low priority.\par
Rank 1: Sunlight Spear (Miracle)\par
Rank 2: \line Rank 3:\par
Rank 4:\par
\par
\cf0\b\fs24 Blue Sentinel \b0 - Hunt down those who chose to spill innocent blood and protect the meek.\par
\cf1\fs20 Sin is now only from PVP, so a Blue Sentinel will only invade the vilest of Dark Wraiths, and a blue can invade from one sin.\par
Rank 1:\par
Rank 2: Blue Eye Orb\par
Rank 3:\par
Rank 4:\par
\par
\cf0\b\fs24 Darkwraith\b0  - For those who wish to instill death and prey on the weak.\par
\cf1\fs20 The gains for being a dark wraith have increased due to the risk of death by multiple players. Every kill earns humanity and rank, regardless of player type. Darkwraiths cannot kill one another if there is a phantom protecting the host.\par
Rank 1:\par
Rank 2: Red Eye Orb\par
Rank 3:\par
Rank 4:\par
\par
\cf0\b\fs24 Men of Fear\b0  - Memory Revers. You prey on those who pass by filling their worlds with vile beasts and beckoning them to your world.\par
\cf1\fs20 A merging of the rats and Gravelord Servants, Men of Fear summon phantoms on equal terms, mobs being able to fight both the summoned and the fear monger.\par
Rank 1:\line Rank 2: Green Eye Orb\par
Rank 3:\par
\par
\cf0\b\fs24 Eternal Duelists \b0 - Those who seek immortality duel for scales for the chance to become eternal dragons.  \par
\cf1\fs20 Dragon duelists are summoned to dragon grounds and battle in fair terms, no healing aside from spells, fully restored life and health, etc. In addition, non-dragons can await in the dragon grounds to be summoned to duel.\par
Rank 1:\par
Rank 2:\par
Rank 3:\par
Rank 4:\par
\cf0\fs24\par
\b Gate Defenders\b0  - Guardians of the memories of old, defenders keep those who seek to enter new memories from continuing.\par
\cf1\fs20 A more active version of forest defenders/bellbros, as gates are throughout the world. Expect multiple defenders. Servants of the Sun and Blue Sentinels can be summoned to aid here as well, regardless of covenant, but this is given low priority.\par
Rank 1:\par
Rank 2: Ring of Covetousness\par
Rank 3:\par
\cf0\fs24\par
\b Assassin of Vemos\b0  - Servants of the god of nature Vemos, assassins hunt down players for contracts. Fulfillment of the contract earns the player a reward set by the giver of the contract.\par
\cf1\fs20 This reward can be any number of items and souls. In addition, every kill earns rank. Assassins are nondiscriminatory, and will hunt down good or bad, but will be told if this was a sinner or an innocent.\par
Rank 1:\par
Rank 2: Gray Eye Orb\par
Rank 3: Mask of Vemos\par
Rank 4:\par
\cf0\fs24\par
\b Soul Coiners\b0  - Gather riches by accumulating many souls and possessions, and be summoned as a merchant spirit to make a handsome profit of course.\par
\cf1\fs20 Merchant spirits are NPC versions of yourself that can sell to any number of players and update their stock in real time. Cities could be filled with merchants.\par
Rank 1: Storage Box\par
Rank 2: Key to Ironworks\par
Rank 3:\par
\cf0\fs24\par
\b Glass Spirits\b0  - Work for the Summoners who guard the land for the Glass King.\par
\cf1\fs20 A dedicated covenant for those who wish to work along side bosses.\par
Rank 1:\par
Rank 2:\par
Rank 3:\par
\pard\pagebb\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\fs24 At the start of the game, the player will be able to create their character from a list of options.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\par
Name:\par
\b Sex\b0 : (Male, Female)\par
\b Look\b0 : (Skin Color, Hair, Hair Color)\par
\b Class\b0 : (Soldier (Str), Artisan (Mid), Wanderer (Dex), Sorcerer (Int), Priest (Faith), Pyromancer (Pas), Hexer (Ocu), Deprived (Master of None))\par
\b Gift\b0 : (Heals, Humanity)\par
\par
Stats:\par
\b Health\b0 : Affinity to take damage.\par
\b Endurance\b0 : Affinity to sustain actions.\par
\b Encumbrance\b0 : Strength to carry items.\par
\par
\b Strength\b0 : Physical Prowess.\par
\b Dexterity\b0 : Speed in action.\par
\b Attunement\b0 : Your memory of arcane arts.\par
\b Adaptability\b0 : Ability to dodge.\par
\par
\b Faith\b0 : How far your put your strength in others.\par
\b Intelligence\b0 : How far you put your trust in your mind.\par
\b Occult\b0 : How far your put your strength in none.\par
\b Passion\b0 : How deeply the fire burns in you.\par
\par
pyro = poison,\par
hex = fear,\par
int = petrify,\par
faith = heals\par
int = anti-dex\par
pyro = anti-str\par
\par
hex is great for invaders\par
faith is great for co-opers\par
\par
Multiplayer Options:\par
Matchmaking:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\f1 -\tab\f0 Soul Memory (Good for new players, expires at 500K souls.)\par
\f1 -\tab\f0 Soul Level (Good for veteran players)\par
\f1 -\tab\f0 Invasion Tier: 0-100% (How much freedom you allow invaders to invade you.)\par
\f1 -\tab\f0 Server (Note, servers may impose restrictions to matchmaking)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\par
Server Settings:\line Soul Multiplier: 1x compared to 1000x on single-player.\par
Max Level: Default 100.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\kerning0\f2\par
}
 